README.md, before:

# Requirements

* Node.js 5.8.0 or greater.
* OAuth username and passphrase for Jama.
* Slackbot auth token.

# Installation

* `npm install`
* `export JAMA_BASE_URL='www.jamaserviceurl.com'`
* `export JAMA_SLACK_TOKEN='xoxb-123456-SLACKTOKEN'`
* `export JAMA_OAUTH_URL = 'www.example.com/rest/'`
* `export JAMA_CONSUMER_KEY = 'user_key'`
* `export JAMA_CONSUMER_SECRET = 'YOURCONSUMERSECRET'`

# Usage

* Run `source env.sh` to use your environment variables as noted in Installation guide above (e.g. source /git/jamaslackbot/env.sh)
* Run `node index.js` in your App folders (e.g. node.js /git/jamaslackbot/index.js)
* To keep a process running constantly in case of failure, please install forever (https://www.npmjs.com/package/forever) to ensure that the node process runs continuously
* Invite the Slack bot into your channel(s).
* Any reference to a Jama document key will retrieve the link, name and description if the configured user has permission to view it.

## License

This project is licensed under [the Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt).

## About Jama

Jama is software for better, faster requirements definition, management, verification and validation, from inception to
production. Our vision is of Modern Product Delivery. Building new products shouldn’t be frustrating and wasteful. It
ought to be enlightening and profitable. We make possible the impossible products of the future. Find more information
on [our web site](http://www.jamasoftware.com/). Jama Software is a fast-growing company, and we are [hiring]
(http://www.jamasoftware.com/company/careers/).

Commit message:

Added parent framework BotKit license in addition to current Jama Apache License, Ver 2.0

README.md, after:

# Requirements

* Node.js 5.8.0 or greater.
* OAuth username and passphrase for Jama.
* Slackbot auth token.

# Installation

* `npm install`
* `export JAMA_BASE_URL='www.jamaserviceurl.com'`
* `export JAMA_SLACK_TOKEN='xoxb-123456-SLACKTOKEN'`
* `export JAMA_OAUTH_URL = 'www.example.com/rest/'`
* `export JAMA_CONSUMER_KEY = 'user_key'`
* `export JAMA_CONSUMER_SECRET = 'YOURCONSUMERSECRET'`

# Usage

* Run `source env.sh` to use your environment variables as noted in Installation guide above (e.g. source /git/jamaslackbot/env.sh)
* Run `node index.js` in your App folders (e.g. node.js /git/jamaslackbot/index.js)
* To keep a process running constantly in case of failure, please install forever (https://www.npmjs.com/package/forever) to ensure that the node process runs continuously
* Invite the Slack bot into your channel(s).
* Any reference to a Jama document key will retrieve the link, name and description if the configured user has permission to view it.

## License

This project is licensed under [the Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt).

## BotKit License
Copyright XOXCO, Inc, http://xoxco.com, http://howdy.ai

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

## About Jama

Jama is software for better, faster requirements definition, management, verification and validation, from inception to
production. Our vision is of Modern Product Delivery. Building new products shouldn’t be frustrating and wasteful. It
ought to be enlightening and profitable. We make possible the impossible products of the future. Find more information
on [our web site](http://www.jamasoftware.com/). Jama Software is a fast-growing company, and we are [hiring]
(http://www.jamasoftware.com/company/careers/).
